Some additional information you would need to replicate this experiment would be how much vinegar should be put in each container. If not specified, someone may put too little  or too much, and the results can come out very differently. You would also need to know how much of each sample you need to put in the containers and you need to know how long to rinse each sample and where the samples should dry.
At the start of the procedure, we would need to know what four samples we were testing. Otherwise we may test materials not even associated with the experiment. We also need to know how much vinegar we should put in the containers. We finally would also need to know what kind of containers we would put the samples in, plastic, glass? We need to know this as well.
The group of students needs to add how big or small the containers should be. Another item that the students did not add was how much vinegar goes in each container. The group also forgot to mention what samples they are using. Without these 3 main information points, nobody could replicate this lab.
In order for the me to replicate their procedure, I would need to know what four samples they used, they should include that in their procedure. Also they should stay  where you are to put the four containers during the 24 hour time period finally, they should include what type of vinegar or what brand so that when i were to do this experiment, I would in as close to what they actually did, and therefore would be able to replicate the experiment.
In order to repeat the experiment, you would need to know how much vinegar was needed in each container, how big each sample should be and where to store the experiment for 24 hours so that the experiment does not get ruined & due to the sorroundings it was in.
The procedure is missing some critical info. First of all the group does not say what the samples are so to remake the lab. I would not know what I needed to get even though it shows it in the table they should have it in the procedure. Also the group does not give details on how much vinegar to put in the containers. Finally the group did not say the size of the container.
First you would need to know what the samples are that they are talking about. Next you would need to know how much Vinegar you need to put in each container. you could also need to how long you should rinse each sample.
To replicate the experiment you would need to know the kind of word used. you should also need to know how long you would have to rinse the samples in the distilled water.  The size of the container would be essential as well, so you would know how much vinegar should be used.
To replicate this procedure I'll need to know the size of the containers. I'll need to know the samples and I'll also need to know the amount of vinegar to put in each container. The amount of vinegar and the size of the container could be important variables if they are not the same for each sample.
I would frustred to know where is being tested another word the specif materials which we are taking samples of in addition i would need to know the type of vinegar being since different vinegar have different ph along with the amount of vinegar added to each container these three pieces of information are all reason to replicate the experiment.